so to prepare this beautiful lamb shank
all you do is add some oil to the pan
and then you know you going to add some
lamb and going to slightly shot it yeah
then there on the middle of the show
what do you mean I'm adding too much oil
that you have any closed-circuit camera
in my kitchen or what yeah because you
seem to be calling only when I'm just
adding some oil or some fry what do you
mean I'm looking for that see have you
ever heard about these camera techniques
you know people look little bigger than
what they are and this oil also is the
same thing you know I had little oil it
looks as if I'm adding olive oil that
that if I listen to everything you say
you will expect me to find things in
water that cooking is that one happen
that way that I know the chicken and
eggs story that I know you came before
me you know better than me that I eat a
lot of vegetables that I do eat
okay I'll cook more vegetables no fat
nothing that if you think you are a
better cook baby why don't you start
your own show yeah yeah I know you're
funny than me okay okay that okay I'm in
middle of the show can I call you back
later okay thanks okay can you believe
this man my father when he was my age he
would literally eat a lamp at it and I
just need a chicken a day and he's got
problem with it okay let's redo
everything
[Music]
hello namaste Salam alikoum statical
welcome back to another session with
your worship at pareve calm today I'm
going to show you how to make beautiful
lamb curry using lamb shacks
what is lamb shanks you may ask lamb
shank is the meat part below the knee of
your lap you know and the beat is very
beautiful and then there is lot of
gelatinous substance along with this
meat and you get a lamb marrow that gets
cooked along with it and it makes this
preparation even more tasty and one more
very beautiful thing today is you know
how you all send me suggestions and
ideas and so on so a lot of you people
have been asking a chef can you teach us
how to cook food without adding much oil
and so on so today we will make this
beautiful lamb shanks without adding any
extra oil we are just going to cook this
preparation within the fat that is there
in the meat so to make this preparation
without any fat added the best thing to
do preparation is using a pressure
cooker see pressure cooker is a
wonderful invention because first thing
is largely some preparations can be
cooked really fast on the pressure and
all these tough meats you can cook in no
time and we are going to learn lot of
dishes we can make without adding a drop
of oil into the food so today to prepare
this preparation I am going to use this
pressure cooker so it is very very easy
whenever you are cooking without fat you
want all the ingredients to cook really
good so what we are going to do they're
going to add all the ingredients I've
got some green chilies I'm going to add
some onion 1 tablespoon of coriander
powder 1/2 a teaspoon of garam masala
poedel see because we are not adding any
oil we are not spying anything so I
rather use garam masala powder then
whole garam masala kick and use 1 tbsp
of ginger-garlic paste chilli powder to
your taste I am going to add half a
teaspoon of chilli powder very little of
turmeric
add half of the coriander leaves also
you know I've got some coconut milk this
gives very beautiful taste to the lamb
preparation so I'm adding some coconut
milk then I've got this lamb shank look
at this beautiful there is really big
pieces I love to cook lamb shanks this
way I don't like to cut into small
pieces just add into this I also I am
going to add tomato puree but I'm not
going to add tomato puree to this
because I want this meat to be cooked
well if you add tomatoes into this the
meat is going to be little bit tougher
so what I'm going to do I'm going to add
this tomatoes at a later point of time
and you can add 1 and 1/2 cup of water
to this see you can notice this lamb has
some fat little bit attached to it and
that is good enough and actually in fact
the fact that is there on the meat
itself gives very nice flavor so I'm
just going to mix this little bit make
sure you do not have too much quantity
in a pressure cooker make sure it is
less than 50% of the total capacity of
your pressure cooker then very simple
put the lid and switch on the stuff a
lot of times people cook their food
based on the number of visuals so if you
cook your regular meat with two results
cook this lamb shanks for three whistles
after three visits switch off the
pressure cooker and wait for 10 minutes
for the pressure cooker to cool down and
then before you open the lid make sure
you release the pressure and then open
the lid so okay now look at this meat
off
now if you look at this meat it is
coming off the bone
that means this meat is really nicely
cooked but I want to add some tomato
puree so what I'm going to do first I'm
going to remove this meat so this is
another reason why I kept this meat into
big pieces because I want to remove this
big pieces out easily if I have small
pieces it would be very difficult to
remove them okay now I am going to add
this freshly ground Tomatoes okay I'm
going to add to this if you want you can
put the pressure cooker one more time
and cook it and this tomato will be
cooked in no time but I am just going to
leave this lid open and going to cook it
like this and see lot of people think
fat is oil is bad or whatever see if
your body can handle a little bit of fat
use it but if you really are on a diet
or something like that there are so many
dishes that we can cook without adding a
drop of oil in fact my father started
the cooking lot of dishes without oil
and he often sends me this recipes so
we're going to cook lot of these things
but you have to understand see when
there is no oil or anything when you eat
it kind of starts in your throat so how
to eat if a nice kitchen is there heat
it along with a nice write up so we are
going to learn the order of preparations
where they're going to being fat free
that is we are not going to add any
extra oil into the cooking so be tuned
and we will cook those wonderful factory
dishes for you one best way to know our
dish is ready most of the time since
when the oil oozes out pressure cooker
is one beautiful thing here is cook the
ingredients very well retaining all the
moisture and juices within and more
importantly flavors you get concentrated
flavors when you cook in a pressure
cooker and now you can see this
beautiful all the ingredients are cooked
even the onions and tomatoes everything
is cooked well
and then you can add this lamb to this
Wow it is really really good but you
know just let it cook in a slow flame
for like 15 minutes and your dish will
be ready
you know themselves beautiful this lamb
curry is ready and look at this meat it
is falling off the bone for you keep
this beautiful ah
okay I'm gonna add some coriander to
this okay look at this beautiful meat
let me taste this ah
Wow
so friends so have you seen how you can
cook this beautiful lamb shank curry
without adding a drop of oil but if you
want to convert this into your steel you
can add potatoes and mix vegetables into
this cooking and it makes a beautiful
steel but remember one thing if you are
adding potatoes and vegetables first
cook this lamb and then when it is 70%
done then add potatoes because simple
thing how much time the potatoes take
how much time the lamb takes to cook I
hope you have enjoyed today's session
and love this beautiful lamp Shack carry
with your washer
remember that whare is all about
inspiring others to cook so please post
your recipes and cooking tips so others
can benefit from your great cooking
thank you this is the thigh part and
this part is the lamb shot so